Manager: All right, so hi, good to see you.

Employee: Hi, how are you doing?

Manager: Good. Um, I can't believe it's February already and happy Friday. Do you have any fun plans this weekend?

Employee: Um, not really, I'm hanging out with some friends tonight. I'll probably find something to do tomorrow.

Manager: Nice, that sounds fun. I hope you get a chance to relax. Um, I have two young children that keep me very busy and don't have a chance to go out with friends tonight, so I am jealous and need to live vicariously through you. So, fair enough. Um, what would you like to talk about today?

Employee: Um, so we've been working on our computer vision, uh, component of the application, and we've been having this issue where when we're reading in the problem, we're registering numbers as letters and some certain. Um, components that we're reading in aren't being read in properly.

Manager: Okay. Um, what so tell me more, when you say they're not being read properly, can you give me an example?

Employee: Yeah, so if we're using the sudoku solver application, um, we are taking an image of that sudoku board and occasionally a seven will get read in as a T or a Z, you'll get read in as you know something else, or like a two will become a Z or things like that, issues between numbers and letters. Is it being is being learned?

Manager: Interesting. Um, do you know why that might be happening? What do you think?

Employee: Um, I think it's likely because we the libraries we're using are OpenCV and PyTesseract AI, which are two Python packages. And OpenCV is primarily made for faces. So we went through and changed the data files and the C++ code to work with numbers, but unfortunately, it doesn't seem like our work had worked out as well, so we would need to figure out a better way of going in there and fixing that, but we're not the creators of those packages. So, I'm not exactly sure where I would start on that.

Manager: Okay, interesting. Um, do you, you said you're not the creators of those packages, so you're not sure where to start. What do you think, do you need to find the creator or do you have any other ideas of how to tackle the problem?

Employee: Yeah, potentially reaching out to someone who develops those packages could work and asking their advice, or maybe trying to just pick a different framework and um, kind of taking a step back and finding a more efficient solution, I guess, to the problem. Something that catered towards reading in numbers instead of something we're manually creating ourselves.

Manager: Mm-hmm. No, that's great. Have you found any other um, potential framework so far?

Employee: Um, not in my research I've done so far, um, but it's something we could look at going forward.

Manager: Okay. Um, well, I think those both sound like good options, like reaching out to the creator or kind of researching other things. Are you running into any um, roadblocks that I can help you with?

Employee: Um, outside of that, we are having a little bit of an issue getting um, the team on board with how we want the front end to look, so in terms of like design or how you're going to use it, whether you're like uploading a file or you can manually take a picture in the app, or like just kind of user flow, um, things like that.

Manager: Oh, okay. What do you think would be the best user experience?

Employee: Um, I don't know, probably something simple and easy. Um, if we're gearing it more towards a mobile application, I feel like it'd be better to take the picture within an app, um, or if we were to use like a framework that's multi-platform like React Native or something, we could do it as a mobile app and a web app and then we can have multiple options. Um, but it is a little more time-consuming and takes some more thought.

Manager: Okay. Well, I like the way that you're thinking about it. I think your logic is very sound, you know, there's pros and cons. Um, I like your thing you're focusing on the user, which is great. Um, and I, I like your thought of, you know, if it's the most seamless to have a mobile app that's taking the photo. Um, I think let's start with that. That sounds really good. Is there anything else you need my help with today or you want to talk about today?

Employee: Um, I don't think so. I think that's everything I had.

Manager: All right. Awesome. Well, let me know if anything else pops up, but otherwise, really great progress and I'm excited to see how it evolves.

Employee: All right. Thank you so much for your help.

Manager: All right. Sounds good. Talk to you soon. Bye.